# Field              , DBField              , DisplayName             , Unit , Type       , Category                    , Description
log_count            ,                      , 日志总量                , 个   , counter    , log-count-l7-log             ,
request              ,                      , 请求                    , 个   , counter    , l7-traffic-l7-log            ,
response             ,                      , 响应                    , 个   , counter    , l7-traffic-l7-log            ,         
error                ,                      , 异常                    , 个   , counter    , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
error                ,                      , 异常                    , 个   , counter    , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
client_error         ,                      , 客户端异常              , 个   , counter    , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
server_error         ,                      , 服务端异常              , 个   , counter    , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
error_ratio          ,                      , 异常比例                , %    , percentage , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
client_error_ratio   ,                      , 客户端异常比例           , %    , percentage , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
server_error_ratio   ,                      , 服务端异常比例           , %    , percentage , l7-exception-l7-log          ,
ip_version           , is_ipv4              , IP类型                  , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log,  
tap_type             , tap_type             , 采集点                  , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log,  
vtap_id              , vtap_id              , 采集器                  , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log,  
request_domain       , request_domain       , 请求域名                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
version              , version              , 协议版本                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
reuqest_resource     , reuqest_resource     , 请求资源                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
response_code        , response_code        , 响应码                  , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
server_port          , server_port          , 服务端口                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
request_type         , request_type         , 请求类型                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
response_result      , response_result      , 响应结果                , 个   , tag        , tarffic-property-other-l7-log, 
response_duration    , response_duration    , 响应时延                , 微秒 , delay      , l7-latency-l7-log            ,
request_length       , request_length       , 请求长度                , 字节 , counter    ,                              ,
response_length      , response_length      , 响应长度                , 字节 , counter    ,                              ,
sql_affected_rows    , sql_affected_rows    , SQL影响行数             , 行   , counter    ,                              ,